Update Advance documents (#386)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

This setting allows Harvester to automatically add disks that match the given glob pattern as VM storage.
It's possible to provide multiple patterns by separating them with a comma.

:::note

> It will only add formatted disks that are not mounted to the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting only adds formatted disks mounted to the system.
```

The following values can be set. The list goes from the least to most verbose log level:

- `Info`
- `Debug`
- `Trace`

#### Example

```
debug
```

## `ntp-servers`

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> This setting allows you to configure ntp servers for the Harvester server.
> Usually, configure the NTP servers during [installation](/dev/install/iso-install) with the default value set to `0.suse.pool.ntp.org`, or preconfigure them before initiating PXE installation. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to configure NTP servers for time synchronization on the Harvester nodes.
You can define NTP servers during [installation](/install/harvester-configuration#osntp_servers) or update them later using this setting. 
```

:::caution

> After modifying the NTP servers, the new values will replace the previous ones for all nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modifying the NTP servers will replace the previous values for all nodes.
```

:::

Default: ""

#### Example

```

> {
>   "ntpServers": [
>     "0.suse.pool.ntp.org"
>   ]
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
  "ntpServers": [
    "0.suse.pool.ntp.org",
    "1.suse.pool.ntp.org"
  ]
}
```

debug
```

## `ntp-servers`

_Available as of v1.2.0_

This setting allows you to configure NTP servers for time synchronization on the Harvester nodes.

> You can define NTP servers during [installation](../install/harvester-configuration#osntp_servers) or update them later using this setting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this setting, you can define NTP servers during [installation](../install/harvester-configuration#osntp_servers) or update NTP servers after installation.
```

}
```

## `support-bundle-image`

_Available as of v1.2.0_

This setting allows you to configure the support bundle image, with various versions available at in [rancher/support-bundle-kit](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/support-bundle-kit/tags).

Default:
```
{
  "repository": "rancher/support-bundle-kit",
  "tag": "v0.0.25",
  "imagePullPolicy": "IfNotPresent"
}
```

> ## `support-bundle-namespace`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `support-bundle-namespaces`
```

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> This setting allows you to configure the support bundle namespace and generate a support bundle in the `harvester-system` if the value is set to "none".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to specify additional namespaces to include when collecting a support bundle. If set to "none," the support bundle will only capture resources from default system namespaces.
```

> Default: none

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default: ""
```

## `support-bundle-timeout`

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> This setting allows you to  the timeout for the support bundle in minutes, use 0 to disable the timeout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to define the support bundle's default timeout duration in minutes. Use `0` to disable the timeout feature.
```

}
```

## `support-bundle-image`

_Available as of v1.2.0_

This setting allows you to configure the support bundle image, with various versions available in [rancher/support-bundle-kit](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/support-bundle-kit/tags).

Default:
```
{
  "repository": "rancher/support-bundle-kit",
  "tag": "v0.0.25",
  "imagePullPolicy": "IfNotPresent"
}
```

## `support-bundle-namespaces`

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> This setting allows you to specify additional namespaces when collecting a support bundle. If set to "none," the support bundle will only capture resources from default system namespaces.

Reviewer 3: Add a "note" to this setting, say Harvester collects data from some pre-defined namespaces by default. ?

Author: Good point, should add a note and pre-defined namespace list.

> This setting allows you to specify additional namespaces when collecting a support bundle. If set to "none," the support bundle will only capture resources from default system namespaces.

Reviewer 3: `from default system namespaces.` -> `from the default namespace`

system seems redundent

  "period": 300
}
```

## `branding`

_Available as of v1.2.0_

This setting allows you to globally re-brand the UI by customizing the Harvester product name, logos and color scheme.

Default: `Harvester`

![containerd-registry](/img/v1.2/advanced/branding.png)

The following options and values can be set:

> - Private Label: This option replaces "Harvester" with the value you provide in most places.
> - Logo: Upload light and dark logos to replace the Harvester logo in the top-level navigation header.
> - Favicon: Upload an icon to replace the Harvester favicon in the browser tab.
> - Primary Color: You can override the primary color used throughout the UI with a custom color of your choice.
> - Link Color: You can override the link color used throughout the UI with a custom color of your choice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Private Label:** This option replaces "Harvester" with the value you provide in most places.
- **Logo:** Upload light and dark logos to replace the Harvester logo in the top-level navigation header.
- **Favicon:** Upload an icon to replace the Harvester favicon in the browser tab.
- **Primary Color:** You can override the primary color used throughout the UI with a custom color of your choice.
- Link Color: You can override the link color used throughout the UI with a custom color of your choice.
```

  "period": 300
}
```

## UI Settings

### `branding`

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> This setting allows you to globally re-brand the UI by customizing the Harvester product name, logos, and color scheme. This setting allows you to globally re-brand the UI by customizing the Harvester product name, logos, and color scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to globally re-brand the UI by customizing the Harvester product name, logos, and color scheme.
```
